feat: Join miner and repair tool into single CLI (#229)
SpoonLabs/sorald: README.md

A JDK (Java 11+)

### Build

1) Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/SpoonLabs/sorald.git`

2) Build:

 ```bash
$ cd sorald
$ mvn package -DskipTests
 ```

The Sorald application can now be found in
`target/sorald-1.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar`.

### Usage

> Sorald can do two things: automatically repair violations of Sonar rules in a

Reviewer: "Sorald can do two things" -> "Sorald can do two tasks"

Author: How about this ?

```suggestion
Sorald can perform two different tasks: automatically repair violations of Sonar rules in a
```

Reviewer: Perfect!

Author: Done!
